R4R: Add Fee & Gas Spec (#3241)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/spec/auth/min_fee.md

# Minimum Fees specifications

> Fees serve two purposes for the operator the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fees serve two purposes for an operator of the network.
```

> Fees limit the growth of the state stored by every full node.and the allows for a general purpose for censorship of transactions of little economic value. Fees are best suited as an antispam mechanism where validators are disinterested in the use of the network and idenities of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fees limit the growth of the state stored by every full node and the allows for a general purpose for censorship of transactions of little economic value. Fees are best suited as an antispam mechanism where validators are disinterested in the use of the network and identities of users.
```

> Fees rate limit the growth of the state in stored by every full node.and the allow for a general purpose for censorship of transactions that consume resources while being of little economic value. Fees are best suited as an antispam mechanism where validators are disinterested in the use of the network and idenities of users

Reviewer: I think there are a few grammatical errors in this paragraph.

> Node operators should set minimum fees and unit costs of gas in each token denomination they wish to support like.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operators should set minimum fees when starting their nodes. They will set the unit costs of gas in each token denomination they wish to support:
```

> `--minimum=1steak,5photinos --gas_unit_cost=2steak,4photinos`

Reviewer: On the validator, I believe the config is `--minimum_fees` or they can set it in their `gaiad.toml`. Also, with the implementation of #3044, tokens per unit gas will be a client-side argument (e.g. `--gas=200000 --per-unit-gas=0.00001`). This will be used to calculate the feed if I'm not mistaken.
